[PR] Readme v2 (#223)
TC-netw4ppl/website: README.md

# website

Site web du projet :)

# Start the project

## Using docker

### Using portainer on your machine

You can go to [https://portainer.netw4ppl.tech](https://portainer.netw4ppl.tech) to manage the docker server but also

> your machine locally, provided you register your machine.

Reviewer: "provided you register your machine" : is it like "providing you the ability to register your machine" ?

Author: yes

To do so:

- Connect to the portainer space with the credentials present in the keepass
- Go to *Environments*.
  - Add an environment
  - Choose *Edge Agent* and enter a name, choose the group *Local Machine* and leave the other parameters as default
  - Click on *Add environment*.

![add_edge](img/portainer_add_edge.png)

Depending on your configuration, choose the right deployment script. For mac and wsl, it is possible to choose Linux and
docker standalone.

- Copy the script and run it on your machine.
- Finish by clicking on *Update environment*.

You should find your machine in *Home*.

![Portainer home](img/portainer_home.png)

### How to run the project?

1. Clone the github project
2. With portainer, create a new *stack*.
  1. Choose *custom template* and choose the *n4p-website* template
  2. Adapt the compose according to the deployment environment

**IMPORTANT** :

It is necessary to **add the environment variables** which define the identifiers of the database.

> Your must correctly create and associate the volumes (*you can create theses directories wherever you while, while you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your must correctly create and associate the volumes (*you can create theses directories wherever you want, as long as you
```
